update: add string format (#3894)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/strings.md

```kotlin
fun main() {
    val str = "abcd"

>     //sampleStart

Reviewer: AFAIK `//sampleStart` and `//sampleEnd` special comments should not be indented

```kotlin
fun main() {
    val str = "abcd"
    //sampleStart

>     for (c in str) {

Reviewer: This is a strange indentation change. Probably, playground will reformat it anyway, but would be nice to have it consistent here as well.

Author: I formatted this and the rest of the code snippets in IntelliJ. Please let me know if that solves this issue or is more left to do.

Reviewer 2: @ilya-g what's strange about the indentation? 4 spaces are what we should use for indentation according to our coding conventions 🤔 It was a bug that we didn't have these indentations in all the samples before.

Reviewer: The contents of the for loop are misaligned

Reviewer: Were misaligned in the first commit. Note it's ok.

val price = """
${'$'}_9.99
"""
```

> ## String formatting

Reviewer: Should have blank lines around, before and after

Author: Done it. Thanks.

Reviewer: What about one after? Would be nicer IMO

Reviewer 2: Yes, please place empty lines before and after headers, as per our [style guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mUuxK4xwzs3jtDGoJ5_zwYLaSEl13g_SuhODdFuh2Dc/edit#heading=h.uf30glbmdezp).

Author: Done.

> ## String formatting

Reviewer: I'm not sure about it, most sections on this page explain various concepts, e.g. "String templates", "String literals"

> ## String formatting

Author: I agree. Besides, the rest of the sections start with "String", if we keep consistency and parallelism, it helps with readability for users. What do you think? @sarahhaggarty

> To deal with complex formatting requirements, use the [`String.format()`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.text/format.html) 

Reviewer: It's important to note that unlike other features mentioned on this page, `String.format` is provided only in Kotlin/JVM

Author: That's correct. Added it.

Author: Done.

> To deal with complex formatting requirements, use the [`String.format()`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.text/format.html) 

Author: Done. Can you check how it looks now?

> function. It uses a format string that defines how the given arguments look like. The format string contains placeholders (`%`) 

Author: Done.

> function. It uses a format string that defines how the given arguments look like. The format string contains placeholders (`%`) 

Author: Done. Can you check how it looks now?

> [format specifiers](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/Formatter.html). In the output, 

Reviewer: As I recall we have agreed to have a link here only to `String.format` kdocs, and provide the link to Formatter from there.

Author: You're right. I corrected it.

> and format specifiers. In the output, the arguments replace the placeholders and show the format that the specifiers define:

Author: Done. Can you check how it looks now?

```kotlin
fun main() {
    //sampleStart
    // format to add zeroes and make a length of seven
    val integerNumber = String.format("%07d", 31416)
    println(integerNumber)
    // 0031416

    // format with four decimals and sign
    val floatNumber = String.format("%+.4f", 3.141592)
    println(floatNumber)
    // +3.1416

    // format with uppercase for two placeholders
    val string = String.format("%S %S", "hello", "world")
    println(string)
    // HELLO WORLD
    //sampleEnd
}

```
{kotlin-runnable="true" kotlin-min-compiler-version="1.3"}

> This function provides similar functionality to string templates. In comparison, the `String.format()` function is 

Author: Done.

> more versatile because you have many options for formatting, and it happens during runtime. In contrast, this function is 

Author: Done. @ilya-g  Can you take a look at the accuracy here? Any other ideas about benefits of formatting strings during runtime are welcome!

> more versatile because you have many options for formatting, and it happens during runtime. In contrast, this function is 

Reviewer: Technically, string interpolation also happens in run time, e.g. when the template parts are not constants.
What is different is that with `String.format`, the format pattern is not constant and can be taken from a variable.
This can be useful e.g. in localization use cases when you take a localized pattern depending on the user locale. However it is not that flexible and even more error prone as it requires to preserve the placeholder order, which may be challenging if the localized text requires for example a different word order in sentences.

> more versatile because you have many options for formatting, and it happens during runtime. In contrast, this function is 

Author: Thanks for the explanation, I fixed it.

val price = """
${'$'}_9.99
"""
```

## String formatting

> String formatting with the `String.format()` function is available for the Kotlin/JVM platform.
>
{type="note"}

To format a string to your specific requirements, use the [`String.format()`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.text/format.html) function. 

The `String.format()` function accepts a format string and one or more arguments. The format string contains one placeholder 

> (`%`) for each remaining argument, followed by format specifiers. Format specifiers are formatting instructions for the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(`%`) for each remaining argument, followed by [format specifiers](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/Formatter.html#summary). Format specifiers are formatting instructions for the 
```
Until the API reference is documented, I think we need a link to where format specifiers are defined in Java's documentation.

Author: Agree. @ilya-g Please let me know when the API is updated and includes the link to Java's docs, then I remove it from here. Thanks in advance!

respective argument. In the output, each argument fills its corresponding placeholder in the defined format:

```kotlin
fun main() { 
//sampleStart
    // Formats to add zeroes and make a length of seven
    val integerNumber = String.format("%07d", 31416)
    println(integerNumber)
    // 0031416

    // Formats with four decimals and sign
    val floatNumber = String.format("%+.4f", 3.141592)
    println(floatNumber)
    // +3.1416

    // Formats with uppercase for two placeholders
    val helloString = String.format("%S %S", "hello", "world")
    println(helloString)
    // HELLO WORLD
//sampleEnd    
}
```
{interpolate-variables="false" kotlin-runnable="true" kotlin-min-compiler-version="1.3"}

The `String.format()` function provides similar functionality to string templates. In comparison, the 
`String.format()` function is more versatile because you have many options for formatting. 

Besides, the `String.format()` function operates during runtime. Since the format string is not constant, it can come from 
a variable. This characteristic is useful when the format string changes, for example, in localization cases that depend 

> on the user locale.

Author: The placeholder information comes in the next paragraph.

> In contrast, the `String.format()` function is also more error-prone than string templates because it is easy to 
> mismatch the number or position of the arguments with their corresponding placeholders.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Be careful when using the `String.format()` function because the additional flexibility can make your code more prone to errors. It can be easy to 
mismatch the number or position of the arguments with their corresponding placeholders.
```

Author: I removed "additional flexibility" from here according to Ilya's previous explanation.
